Fixup broken links and remove references to now-defunct eon gold dashcam devkit (#661)
commaai/panda: README.md

pip install pandacan
```

> See [this class](https://github.com/commaai/panda/blob/master/python/__init__.py#L99) for how to interact with the panda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the Panda class](https://github.com/commaai/panda/blob/master/python/__init__.py) for how to interact with the panda.
```

## Code Rigor

> When compiled from the [comma two](https://comma.ai/shop/products/comma-two-devkit) dev kit, the panda FW is configured and optimized (at compile time) for its use in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When compiled from a comma device, the panda FW is configured and optimized (at compile time) for its use in
```
